BDOG-1627 update project plugins and dependencies for play 28 (#9)
hmrc/file-transfer-stub: README.md

[ ![Download](https://api.bintray.com/packages/hmrc/releases/file-transfer-stub/images/download.svg) ](https://bintray.com/hmrc/releases/file-transfer-stub/_latestVersion)

> Provides a stub implmentation of file-transfer to aid intergration tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides a stub implementation of file-transfer to aid integration tests.
```
